this is the part of the show where
you're like what the hell they're
leaving and they haven't even played the
song on the radio thank you good night
that guy's got it yeah yeah we'll take
that because we haven't played the song
once on the radio and now this is the
part where we come back and rock your
ass for at least one more song maybe two
if you scream loud enough the ungodly
loud come on that's pretty damn loud
holy hell that's amazing you guys rock
this is where what dude you just got the
middle fingers out all night but this
means it's cool we're playing two more
at least one maybe two maybe two oh yeah
that's what I'm talking about let's see
let's see some real rock and roll action
let's get the chicks on the shoulders
now I'm talking about
yeah now I feel like Motley Crue and
congrats to that does anybody here
listen to the buzz we looked at they
take this time to thank the buzz and
thank every single one of you for
listening to the buzz haha without
serious our song wouldn't be heard in
Oklahoma so thank you guys so much
you're gonna kill over then duh
everybody good over there you guys sweet
this song is a song it's on the buzz
it's called swing swing
you
Oh
good
gimme